navigation cause some to Eric tired
testing yes pressure okay it's the
message for I now we love you yeah and
even if you know I had the Lord lights
22 I got it and we are we try to test a
new cook infinity um I think is the same
Sofia but we come they go so how do you
feel looking forward to the day it's a
little different we bring the English
weather with us last night so it's more
like being at home very well thank you
Oh accident I'm feeling very good i'm
ready to make a good stage today and I
hope it won't be too slippery because of
the rain tonight
I'm totally ready a little bit exhausted
because I repair the bike till I don't
know 15 minutes past twelve I think Wow
lungs are mr. aquileia but moped come i
will make silma her cover is anyone
finish physics Yacht Club towel on the
magnet toys English for Jewish how's
this immunity on Eddie / I survived yeah
i saw a glitch that suits me Laura yeah
I don't have made us out feels really
got focused and dr. Banfield ahead in
Kashi and even mr. Davis out via the
boiler passes Anglic nicht für bar Jean
garnish midna in duo Luke and selectman
trial father
Oh
we were the stage or no happiness late
don't know just and it'll hit driver
happy birthday
I